[Music]
Andress asks Ed why can't I see my ads
when I search for my
term uh Andres stop searching for your
term uh you you'll probably logged into
Google so you've got personalized search
there'll be Regional search and all
sorts of different things going on but
yeah stop using Google search use your
AdWords ad preview tool it doesn't
infect your Impressions or anything then
and it gives you the same results as
someone looking at Google for the first
time without any personalization so use
the ad preview and testing tool don't
keep searching for your own ads Android
uh if you still can't see them leave a
comment below and let me know it may be
uh a technical issue elsewhere